FORMER NATIONAL SECURITY
ADVISOR MICHAEL FLYNN, SAID TO
BE SENTENCED THIS TUESDAY FOR
LYING TO THE FBI, IT COMES AS
THE SPECIAL COUNSEL SHARPLY
REBUKES THE FLYNN LEGAL TEAM.
AND FEDERAL AGENTS HE SAID MANY
PLAYED HIM INTO NOT TELLING THE
TRUTH.
THIS AMID GROWING QUESTIONS OF
HOW THE FBI HANDLED THE
INTERVIEW.
TO ME NOW IN AN EXQUISITE
INTERVIEW, FROM THE WORLD AG
EXPO, HAS INTELLIGENCE
COMMITTEE CHAIR, DEVIN NUNES.
THANK YOU FOR JOINING US.
>> THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME.
QUESTIONER JAMES COMEY AND
LAURA LYNCH HEADING TO THE HILL
TO TESTIFY.
POTENTIALLY ROD ROSENSTEIN.
I WANT TO GET YOUR THOUGHTS ON
ALL OF THAT.
BUT FIRST, WE HEARD ABOUT THE
SENTENCING FOR MICHAEL FLYNN.
HE WAS SENTENCED THIS WEEK.
BUT THERE IS A LOT OF DEBATE ON
WHETHER OR NOT THE CONDUCT THAT
THE FBI DID IN TERMS OF GETTING
HIM TO SAY THAT HE LIED WAS
REALLY NOT GOOD CONDUCT.
TELL ME ABOUT THAT.
THERE WAS A WALL STREET JOURNAL
OP-ED.
THEY SAID IT WAS ENTRAPMENT.
THAT MICHAEL FLYNN WAS TRAPPED
INTO SAYING HE BROKE THE LAW.
YOUR REACTION?
>> I THINK WHAT WAS LIKELY IS
THAT GENERAL FLYNN WAS JUST OUT
OF MONEY.
IF YOU LOOK AT SOME OF THE
DOCUMENTATION IS COME OUT IN
THE LAST WEEK, I THINK MOST
NOTABLE IS THE ONE LINE THAT
SAYS THAT GENERAL FLYNN
ACTUALLY KNEW THAT THE AGENTS
MUST HAVE HAD THE TRANSCRIPTS.
SO LOOK, GENERAL FLYNN IS A
FORMER HEAD OF THE DIA.
30 YEARS IN MILITARY SERVICE.
HE HAS TO KNOW WHEN THE AGENTS
START TO TALK ABOUT HIS
CONVERSATIONS WITH THE RUSSIAN
AMBASSADOR THAT THEY HAVE THE
TRANSCRIPT.
SOME OF IT HAD ALREADY LEAKED
OUT.
SO GENERAL FLYNN THOUGH THEY
HAVE THE TRANSCRIPT.
SO I GENERAL FLYNN GOING TO LIE
ABOUT SOMETHING THAT HE KNOWS
THEY HAVE, EXACTLY WHAT HE
SAID.
AND HE NEVER MADE ANY SENSE
FROM THE BEGINNING.
I THINK THE MORE LIKELY
SCENARIO IS THAT GENERAL FLYNN
WAS OUT OF MONEY, HOW DO WE
KNOW THAT?
NOT BECAUSE HE TOLD ME BUT HE
HAD TO SELL HIS HOUSE.
TO PAY HIS LEGAL BILLS.
THEN WHAT YOU SEEN, EVEN THOUGH
IT'S BEEN A YEAR SINCE HE SAID
LOOK, FINE, I LIED TO YOU GUYS,
YOU CAN TRUST ME ON THIS
KNOWING IS NOT GETTING JAIL
TIME, ROBERT MUELLER COMES OUT
AND SAYS WE ARE NOT GOING TO
GIVE HIM JAIL TIME.
KNOWING THAT THROUGH ALL OF
THIS TIME, LIKELY, THIS WAS
JUST A WAY FOR GENERAL FLYNN TO
JUST END THE INVESTIGATION
AGAINST HIM.
MARIA: BECAUSE OTHER PEOPLE
SPECULATE MAYBE HE WAS WORRIED
THAT THEY WOULD THROW THE BOOK
AT HIS SON.
THAT BASICALLY, THEY PUT HIM IN
A CORNER AND COERCED HIM INTO
SAYING THINGS LIKE, I LIED AND
BROKE THE LAW.
THAT'S THE WAY THE WALL STREET
JOURNAL WRITES IT.
DATE JOURNAL EDITORIAL PUT OUT
AN ARTICLE LAST WEEK TITLED THE
FLYNN ENTRAPMENT.
IT READS IN PART THIS.
NOT A RICH MAN AT THE DECADES
IN UNIFORM.
MR. FLYNN PLEADED GUILTY TO
AVOID BANKRUPTCY AND SPARE HIS
SON FROM BECOMING A LEGAL
TARGET.
MR. FLYNN'S FILING DOES NOT
TAKE ISSUE WITH THE DESCRIPTION
OF HIS OFFENSE.
BUT THE ADDITIONAL FACTS, THE
FLYNN DEFENSE TEAM, IT RAISES
DOUBT.
YOU'VE BEEN IN THE EYE THE
ENTIRE YEAR WHAT'S YOUR
REACTION TO THE CONDUCT?
>> ONE OF THE THINGS IS THAT WE
ARE ACTUALLY NEVER ABLE TO
INTERVIEW THE SECOND FBI AGENT
THAT WAS THERE IN THE
INTERVIEW.
WE HAVE CHUCK GRASSLEY, SENATOR
GRASSLEY AND HIS TEAM HAVE BEEN
ASKING TO GET THOSE, THE
ORIGINAL FBI REPORTS THAT CAME
OUT OF THE FLYNN INTERVIEW.
SO THERE IS SO MUCH OUT THERE
THAT WE NEED TO KNOW STILL THAT
I AM REALLY HOPEFUL THAT THE
JUDGE DIDN'T JUST RECEIVE THIS
INTERVIEW WITH PETER STRZOK
THAT YOU SAW ON FRIDAY
AFTERNOON.
I REALLY DO HOPE THAT HE
ACTUALLY GOT ALL OF THE
MEMORANDUMS, ALL OF THE MEMOS,
EVERYTHING THAT WAS WRITTEN
AFTER THAT.
BECAUSE IT WAS CLEAR FROM ALL
OF OUR INVESTIGATIONS THAT WE
HAD DONE, THAT THE FBI AGENTS
WHO'D INTERVIEWED MICHAEL FLYNN
DID NOTHING THE GENERAL FLYNN
WAS LYING AND THEN IT DOES NOT
PASS A SIMPLE STRAIGHT FACE
TEST THE GENERAL FLYNN WOULD
LIE WHEN HE KNOWS THAT THEY
HAVE THE TRANSCRIPTS OF HIS
CONVERSATION WITH THE RUSSIAN
AMBASSADOR.
>> I WANT TO GET BACK TO THAT.
IT APPEARS THAT ROBERT MUELLER
SCRUB THE PHONES.
AND WE DON'T KNOW WHAT OTHER
TEXTS ARE OUT THERE.
BUT JAMES COMEY SUGGESTED THAT
HE TOOK ADVANTAGE OF WHAT HE
PERCEIVED AS A DISORGANIZED
ADMINISTRATION.
AND HE BASICALLY SAID THE WAY
WE QUESTION MICHAEL FLYNN WAS
DIFFERENT THAN ANYTHING IN THE
PAST.
WATCH THIS MOST RECENT
INTERVIEW.
THIS IS BACK ON DECEMBER 9 AT
THE 92ND STREET Y WITH JAMES
COMEY.
WATCH.
>> SOMETHING I PROBABLY WOULD
NOT PRESENT OR GOTTEN AWAY WITH
MAY BE IN A MORE ORGANIZED
INVESTIGATION, THE MORE
ORGANIZED ADMINISTRATION IN THE
GEORGE W. BUSH ADMINISTRATION
FOR EXAMPLE OR OBAMA ADMIN
STATION.
IN BOTH THERE WAS PROCESS.
AND SO THE FBI WANTED TO SEND
AGENTS INTO THE WHITE HOUSE
ITSELF TO INTERVIEW A SENIOR
OFFICIAL.
YOU WOULD WORK THROUGH THE
WHITE HOUSE COUNSEL AND THERE
WILL BE DISCUSSIONS AND
APPROVALS AND WHO WOULD BE
THERE.
AND I THOUGHT, IT IS EARLY
ENOUGH, LET'S JUST SEND A
COUPLE OF GUYS OVER.
>> HE BASICALLY ADMITS THAT THE
WHOLE THING WAS PLANNED.
PREMEDITATED TO SEND AGENTS IN
AND HOPE HE DOES NOT HAVE
LAWYERS AROUND HIM.
>> IT IS FRIGHTENING, MARIA
THAT THE HEAD OF THE FBI WHO IS
ON A 10 YEAR APPOINTMENT, THE
REASON WE HAVE 10 YEAR
APPOINTMENTS IS SO THAT THERE
IS SOME CONTINUITY OF
GOVERNMENT.
THE JOB OF THE BUREAUCRACY IS
TO SUPPORT, NO MATTER WHO THE
PEOPLE DECIDE WINS THE
ELECTION?
WHETHER IT IS REPUBLICAN OR
DEMOCRAT THE BUREAUCRACY IN
WASHINGTON AND THE SWAMP SHOULD
BE THERE TO SUPPORT THE
ADMINISTRATION.
NOT TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE
AND THAT IS WHY YOU HEAR THIS
YOU KNOW, CALLED THE SWAMP
THERE IT IS EXACTLY CASES LIKE
THIS.
YOU HAVE THE FBI DIRECTOR WHO
WAS ON A 10 YEAR TERM THAT
DECIDES HE WILL TAKE ADVANTAGE
OF A DISORGANIZED TRANSITION
GOING INTO WASHINGTON AS HE PUT
IT.
AND THAT IS, I THINK, ABOVE ALL
ELSE, IT IS ALARMING THAT
ANYBODY IN THE FEDERAL
BUREAUCRACY WOULD THINK THAT
WAY.
I THINK THIS WAY SEE SO MANY
AMERICANS DISILLUSIONED WITH
WASHINGTON.
DONALD TRUMP IS IN EVERYTHING
HE CAN DO TO DRAIN THE SWAMP AS
HE CALLED IT.
I DON'T THINK ANY OF THAT WILL
HAPPEN IT'S A START TO GET
THESE AGENCIES OUT OF
WASHINGTON D.C.. WE GIVE 90
PERCENT OF THE POPULACE IN
WASHINGTON D.C. AND 90 PERCENT
OF THE WORKFORCE THAT VOTE
EXTREME LEFT AND VOTE FOR
DEMOCRATS, EVEN ON A
SUSTAINABLE SYSTEM.
I THINK WILL BE HELPFUL TO GET
YOU KNOW, THE EPA, DEPARTMENT
OF INTERIOR, SOME OF THESE
AGENCIES OUT TO WHERE THE REST
OF AMERICA LIVES AND THEY MIGHT
BE A LITTLE CLOSER TO THE
PEOPLE.
MARIA: IS MENTIONED THE 302'S.
THE REPORT YOU BEEN ASKING FOR.
MORE REPORTS SO-CALLED 302'S
WERE RELEASED ON FRIDAY.
THE PRESIDENT TWEETED ABOUT IT.
I WANT TO SAY WHAT HE SAID OVER
THE WEEKEND AND THIS MORNING
ABOUT THESE REPORTS.
THEN GET YOUR REACTION TO WHAT
YOU'VE SEEN AND WHAT IS STILL
MISSING.
THE PRESIDENT TWEETED THIS.
WHERE ARE ALL OF THE MISSING
TEXT MESSAGES?
BETWEEN FIRED FBI AGENTS, PETER
STRZOK AND THE LOVELY, LISA
PAIGE, HIS LOVER?
JUST REPORTED THEY HAVE BEEN
ERASED AND WIPED CLEAN.
WHAT AN OUTRAGE AS THE TOTALLY
COMPROMISED AND CONFLICTED
WITCHHUNT MOVES EVER SO SLOWLY
FORWARD.
WHAT HAPPENED HERE?
>> MY GUESS IS THAT THE MUELLER
TEAM HAD TO GET RID OF LISA
PAIGE AND PETER STRZOK BECAUSE
THE IG DISCOVERED THEY WERE
BIASED AGAINST THE WHITE HOUSE
AND PEOPLE THEY WERE
INVESTIGATING.
AND SO, I THINK IT WAS A SIMPLE
MATTER OF WHAT WE HAVE SEEN THE
DOJ AND FBI DO.
THEY QUICKLY HIDE THE BALL AND
COVER UP THEIR TRACKS, HOPING
THAT NO ONE WOULD ACTUALLY
CATCH THEM IN THIS.
AND YOU KNOW THE FACT THAT YOU
KNOW THAT YOU HAVE TWO BIASED
AGENTS AND YOU WOULD ERASE ANY
OF THEIR PHONES, WHAT SHOULD
HAVE BEEN IMMEDIATELY HAPPENED
WAS THE PHONES YOU KNOW, ANY
DEDICATED PUBLIC SERVANT WOULD
HAVE SAID LOOK, I AM NOT GOING
TO OBSTRUCT AN INVESTIGATION.
THESE EMPLOYEES DID WRONG.
THOSE PHONES SHOULD HAVE BEEN
TURNED OVER IMMEDIATELY TO THE
IG.
SO THE IG COULD CONDUCT
INVESTIGATION PIERCES THEY
DIDN'T DO THAT, THESE ARE
SOPHISTICATED OPERATORS, SOME
OF THE BEST WE HAVE IN ALL OF
GOVERNMENT THAT HAVE WORKED AT
DOJ AND FBI FOR LONG TIME.
THE FACT THAT THEY WOULDN'T
TURN THEM OVER IS JUST ANOTHER
ALARMING FACT AND A DISTURBING
SET OF FACTS THAT CONTINUES IN
THIS FIASCO.
MARIA: IS JUST EXTERNAL REPAIR
WHICH IS WHY THE WALL STREET
JOURNAL CAME OUT WITH ANOTHER
OP-ED TITLED CHECKING ROBERT
MUELLER.
A JUDGE BRINGS TO LIGHT THE FBI
DODGY CONDUCT IN THE MICHAEL
FLYNN CASE.
AND YOU WANT TO BREAKING NEWS
THIS MORNING IN TERMS OF WHAT
YOU WILL BE CALLING FOR IN THE
NEW CONGRESS.
TO TRY TO GET YOUR ARMS AROUND
THIS STREAM OF INFORMATION THAT
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE HAVE YET TO
SEE.
TELL US ABOUT WHAT YOU WILL BE
CALLING FOR IN 2019.
>> THANK YOU, MARIA.
AS YOU KNOW, I'VE SAID THIS
LAST MONTH ASHLEY COUPLE OF
MONTHS.
OUR INVESTIGATIONS ESSENTIALLY,
OVER.
WE HAVE EVERYTHING THAT WE
NEED.
BUT WE ARE LACKING NOW IS, WE
ARE LACKING THE
DECLASSIFICATION BY THE
PRESIDENT.
AND FOR VARIOUS REASONS, THE
PRESIDENT OR HIS STAFF DOESN'T
WANT TO DO IT.
THEREFORE I THINK IT IS
IMPORTANT IF THE PRESIDENT
DOESN'T WANT HIS HANDS AND WE
HAVE TO HAVE SOMEBODY.
SOME OFFICE THAT WILL LOOK AT
ALL OF THESE ISSUES AND ALL OF
THESE DOCUMENTS THAT NEED TO BE
DECLASSIFIED.I THINK THE
PRESIDENT WANTS TO CREATE SOME
TYPE OF OFFICE LIKE THIS, I
WILL BE WORKING WITH MY
COLLEAGUES TO WORK ON AND SEND
SOME EXAMPLE OVER TO THE
PRESIDENT OF A TRANSPARENCY
TYPE OF OFFICE.
SO THAT THE CONGRESS, THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE, OTHERS CAN PUT
IN REQUESTS OF DOCUMENTS OR
ISSUES THAT THEY WANT
DECLASSIFIED.
THAT WAY THE PRESIDENT DOESN'T
HAVE TO TAKE THIS FULL BURDEN
ON AND THE CONGRESS HAS
SOMEWHERE WE CAN GO TO TO TRY
AND AVOID THE SWAMP PREACHERS
FROM GETTING INVOLVED IN
ASSURING THE AMERICAN PUBLIC IS
KEPT IN THE DARK.
WE NEED TO MAKE SURE THAT THERE
IS LIGHT, I WOULD SAY THAT THE
SUNLIGHT IS THE DISINFECTANT IN
WASHINGTON.
THE MORE THAT WE CAN GET
DECLASSIFIED, I THINK THE
BETTER.
ANYTHING AN EASY WAY TO DO IS
CREATE AN OFFICE THAT ACTUALLY
JUST WORKS UNDER THE WHITE
HOUSE THAT SPECIALIZES IN
EVALUATING THIS DOCUMENTATION
TO GET, AND ERRORS ON THE SIDE
OF MORE SOME OF THE BETTER TO
MAKE SURE EVERYTHING WENT
DECLASSIFIED GUESS
DECLASSIFIED.
>> WE ARE SPEAKING WITH YOU ALL
YEAR AS YOU'VE BEEN DOING THIS
INVESTIGATION INTO THE FBI
HANDLING OF THIS PROBE INTO THE
TRUMP CAMPAIGN AFTER POTENTIAL
COLLUSION ALONGSIDE THE
INVESTIGATION OF HILLARY
CLINTON'S EMAILS.
AND ANOTHER ROBERT MUELLER WAS
WANTING THE FBI DURING THE FBI
THAT THE CLINTON GLOBAL
INITIATIVE WAS OPERATING.
NATIVE WHISTLEBLOWERS COMING
OUT ON THE CLINTON GLOBAL
INITIATIVE AND THE CLINTON
FOUNDATION.
MOST PEOPLE DON'T REALIZE THAT
THESE ARE ALL THE SAME PLAYERS
WHO WERE ACTUALLY RUNNING
THINGS AT THE GOVERNMENT
AGENCIES THAT ARE NOW
INVESTIGATING THAT SAME THING.
LIKE ROBERT MUELLER!
WHAT DO YOU KNOW ABOUT ROBERT
MUELLER 'S PROBE AND WHEN IT IS
ENDING?
>> I HAVE NO IDEA WHEN IT IS
ENDING.
I'VE SAID THIS FOR MONTHS NOW.
HE NEEDS TO ANSWER BECAUSE IT
IS DESTROYING AMERICA.
YOU HAVE OVER 40 PERCENT OF THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE BELIEVE THAT
THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN COLLUDED
WITH RUSSIA.
EVEN THOUGH THERE IS NOT ONE
SHRED OF EVIDENCE THAT IT
HAPPENED.
IN FACT, THE ONLY EVIDENCE WE
KNOW FOR SURE IS THAT THE
DEMOCRATS AND THE HILLARY
CAMPAIGN COLLUDED DIRECTLY WITH
RUSSIANS.
BY HIRING THE FOREIGN AGENT TO
GO TALK TO RUSSIANS TO GET DIRT
ON THE OTHER CANDIDATE.
THE SAME IS TRUE FOR THIS
CLINTON FOUNDATION
INVESTIGATION.
LET'S NOT FORGET ONE OF THE
LAWYERS FOR THE CLINTON
FOUNDATION IS SERVING ON THE
MUELLER TEAM LOOKING INTO THE
PRESIDENT.
LET'S ALSO NOT FORGET THAT YOU
HAD THE CLINTON FOUNDATION
TAKING HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF
DOLLARS FROM NOT JUST RUSSIANS,
BUT OTHER COUNTRIES AND AT THE
SAME TIME, WHY THOSE COUNTRIES
HAD BUSINESS BEFORE THE STATE
DEPARTMENT WHEN HILLARY CLINTON
WAS THERE.
THERE IS ALL KINDS OF
CIRCUMSTANTIAL EVIDENCE.YOU
KNOW, WE HAVE BEEN LOOKING AT
THIS UNDER THE DIRECTION OF
PETER KING, MY COLLEAGUE ON THE
INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE.
WE HAVE LOTS OF THINGS THAT
LOOK REALLY BAD.
BUT AT THE END OF THE DAY, TO
GET EITHER A SPECIAL COUNSEL OR
SOMEONE IN THE DEPARTMENT OF
JUSTICE WHO IS GOING TO BE ABLE
TO OFFER OR OPERATE WITH
AUTONOMY TO HAVE TO GO IN AND
BRING THIS AND PROSECUTE IT, I
THINK JUSTICE IS STILL GOING TO
CONTINUE TO BE DENIED.
I'M HOPING SOME WITHIN DOJ IS
LOOKING AT THIS BUT I DON'T
HAVE A LOT OF CONFIDENCE RIGHT
NOW AFTER THE LAST COUPLE OF
YEARS WHAT I'VE BEEN SEEING.
MARIA: WE DON'T HAVE A PEEP ON
ANY THAT WERE REACTIVE NEWS AND
EVIDENCE OF WRONGDOING.
AND YET, EVERY PORTION OF THE